core-services/release-controller: Document testgrid-config-generator (#7793)
openshift/release: core-services/release-controller/README.md

* `deploy-*.yaml` - the controller definitions
* `images-*.yaml` - definitions of the image streams used by the publish / build rules
* `_releases/release-*.json` - definitions of the build and publishing rules for sets of images
* `_repos/ocp-*-*.repo` - definitions where RPMs are loaded from for OCP builds
* `rpms-*.yaml` - definitions of the services that exposed mirrored RPMs within the clutser

> ### Release informers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### TestGrid Dashboard Updates
```

Author: This section is about release-controller jobs, and mentions TestGrid dashboard updates in passing.  Should I use something more generic that includes both blocking and informing jobs?  Maybe `Release jobs`?

Reviewer: this section (`###`) covers nothing but testgrid behavior/config.

if you were trying to document how the informing+blocking jobs are configured for the release-controller, then 
1) let's call it `Release Gating Jobs`
2) make sure you cover how you make the job an informing job vs a blocking job (the `optional` flag i believe)
3) include a subsection (`####`) that tells people to go update testgrid whenever they mess w/ the release job list.  or maybe just a separate paragraph at the end of the (`###`) section.

Author: > let's call it Release Gating Jobs

Done with 1e14c589f -> 67f3c37b8, although I went with sentence-case `Release gating jobs`.  Master is not consistent for h3, but slants sentence-case:

```console
$ git --no-pager grep -h '^#' origin/master -- core-services/release-controller/README.md 
### Artifacts created:
### Initial configuration
### Admin actions:
### Files in this folder
### RPM Mirrors
````

> make sure you cover how you make the job an informing job vs a blocking job (the `optional` flag i believe)

Done in 1e14c589f -> 67f3c37b8.

> ... or maybe just a separate paragraph...

Split out into a separate paragraph with 1e14c589f -> 67f3c37b8.

> Release informers are configured via the `verify` property in `_releases/release-*.json`. To update TestGrid after making changes, use [`testgrid-config-generator`][testgrid-config-generator].

Reviewer: i think the config really starts here:
https://github.com/openshift/release/blob/master/ci-operator/jobs/openshift/release/openshift-release-release-4.3-periodics.yaml#L297

not sure how it finds its way into release-controller though

Author: openshift/ci-tools#632 is an attempt to clarify how the pieces get collected.  With that in place, I think this PR is good to go as it stands.

> Release informers are configured via the `verify` property in `_releases/release-*.json`. To update TestGrid after making changes, use [`testgrid-config-generator`][testgrid-config-generator].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inclusion in testgrid dashboards is driven in part via the `verify` property in `_releases/release-*.json`. To update TestGrid after making changes, use [`testgrid-config-generator`][testgrid-config-generator].  For more details on how the dashboards are generated based on the various configuration inputs, see the testgrid-config-generator docs.
```

Author: I was aiming to cover both release-controller configuration and the interaction with Test Grid.  Let's roll this discussion into [the earlier thread][1] until we sort our whether that scoping attempt was too broad or not.

[1]: https://github.com/openshift/release/pull/7793/#discussion_r405140918

In general, new RPMs should be added to the correct Brew tags at Red Hat for OCP first (since we need those to eventualyl build). Those are mirrored nightly by the SRE team to `https://mirror.openshift.com/enterprise/reposync/4.Y`.  If a set of RPMs need to be added (a separate brew tag) that is compatible with the existing RPM sets, then we would add it to the appropriate `ocp-4.Y-default.repo` (which all images can use). If the repo is incompatible with any of the RPMs in the default repos (like the OpenStack project), a new type of `ocp-4.Y-NAME.repo` has to be created (similar to `ocp-4.2-openstack.repo`) that points to the correct mirrors. Then the images that want to use that as a base have to inject the correct RPM repo (TODO: future changes will mount these automatically) and then depend on that base. For an example, see the `kuryr` ci-operator definitions.

See the OWNERS file in this directory for approvers.

> [testgrid-config-generator]: https://github.com/openshift/ci-tools/tree/master/cmd/testgrid-config-generator

Reviewer: this seems to be dangling, should it be up earlier in the doc where you mention updating testgrid?

Author: > this seems to be dangling, should it be up earlier in the doc where you mention updating testgrid?

Doesn't matter where it goes ([rendered page][1]).  But I can shift it up to be inline, or just after the paragraph that consumes it, if you prefer a different style.

[1]: https://github.com/openshift/release/blob/1e14c589f63bfb10562dbeabd65f84aa55d6a5c2/core-services/release-controller/README.md#release-informers

Reviewer: it's fine, i didn't realize what this was doing.
